[Lens] [Documentation] More Lens advanced questions answered (#111601)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/dashboard/lens.asciidoc

====
Specifying the color for a single data point, such as a single bar or line, is unsupported.
====

[discrete]
[[is-it-possible-to-inspect-the-elasticsearch-queries-in-Lens]]

> .*Is it possible to inspect the Elasticsearch queries in Lens?*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.*How do I inspect {es} queries in visualizations?*
```

[%collapsible]
====

> Using the Inspector within the editor or in the dashboard it is possible to select the specific request sent by the visualization to Elasticsearch.

Reviewer 2: Maybe it's non-native speaker thing, but I find this sentence difficult to read with the current structure. How about: 
`You can inspect the requests sent by the visualization to Elasticsearch by using the Inspector. It can be accessed within the editor or in the dashboard.`

cc @KOTungseth

> You can inspect the requests sent by the visualization to Elasticsearch by using the Inspector. It can be accessed within the editor or in the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the requests that visualizations send to {es}, click [add user action for Lens].
```

Author: It is not clear to me if `[add user action for Lens]` is a placeholder or an actual link to a page 😅

Reviewer: Sorry! It's a placeholder.

====

[discrete]
[[how-to-isolate-a-single-series-in-a-chart]]

> .*How to isolate a single series in a chart?*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.*How do I isolate a single series in a chart?*
```

> .*Is it possible to isolate a single series in a chart?*

Reviewer 2: Same here, how about 'How to isolate a single series in a chart?' or 'How to view a single chart series in isolation?'

`Press the `shift` key and click on the item in the chart legend to unselect all the other series.`

Again, that's just my perception that it sounds simpler :)

[%collapsible]
====

> Press the `shift` key and click on the item in the chart legend to unselect all the other series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For area, line, and bar charts, press Shift, then click the series in the legend. All other series are automatically unselected.
```
